[Nano ESP32] Serial Ports update (#1759)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/03.nano/boards/nano-esp32/tutorials/cheat-sheet/cheat-sheet.md

## USB Serial & UART

The Nano ESP32 board features 3 hardware serial ports, as well as a port exposed via USB.

- `Serial` refers to the USB port.

> - `Serial0` refers to the hardware serial port (UART), accessible via the board's RX/TX pins (D0, D1)
> - `Serial1` is the second UART port, which can be assigned to any free GPIO.
> - `Serial2` is the third UART port, which can also be assigned to any free GPIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Serial0` refers to the first hardware serial port (UART), accessible via the board's RX/TX pins (D0, D1).
- `Serial1` is the second UART port, which can be assigned to any free GPIOs.
- `Serial2` is the third UART port, which can also be assigned to any free GPIOs.
```

### UART

> The default pins for UART communication on the Nano ESP32 are the following:

Reviewer: I would like to stress (here or somewhere else - maybe even changing the UART title above) that this `Serial0` UART is shared with the bootloader/kernel and thus does have some I/O that is **not controllable by the sketch** (not even by me... :man_shrugging:):
* at each boot/reset, a few messages are printed by the bootloader;
* if something goes horribly wrong, a crash dump is printed by FreeRTOS.

We should encourage everyone to use `Serial1`/`Serial2` to avoid this issue - several have complained in the forums.

Serial0.write("Hello world!");
```

### Serial1 & Serial2

> The Nano ESP32 features additional hardware serial ports, but these needs to be manually assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nano ESP32 features 2 additional hardware serial ports that have no pre-defined pins, and can be connected to any free GPIO. Therefore, to use them, their TX and RX pins need to be manually assigned.
```
